{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red249\green248\blue242;\red16\green16\blue16;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c98039\c97647\c96078;\cssrgb\c7843\c7843\c7451;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Product Requirements Document (PRD)\
1. Overview\
App: \'93Can\'92t Stop Won\'92t Stop\'94 \'96 Mobile gym timer app. Forces users to crush workouts in set time. No lollygagging. Colors: Red primary, white accents, black backgrounds. Tone: Goggins/Willink \'96 supportive, proactive, rude pushes.\
Goal: Rush users through exercises. Timer runs relentlessly. Auto-load next exercise. Finish or fail.\
Target: Gym goers who slack. MVP for iOS/Android.\
2. Key Features\
    \'95    Workout Plan Creation: User inputs exercises. Built-in library (50+ basics: bench press, squat, etc.). Custom add-ons. Sets, reps, weight, brief how-to.\
    \'95    Timer System: Total gym time set by user. Starts on \'93start\'94. Runs non-stop. Auto-advances exercise cards.\
    \'95    Modes: Pause (for wimps \'96 limited use). No-pause (for insane pros \'96 pure grind).\
    \'95    Exercise Cards: Large display. Name, sets/reps/weight, quick outline. Minimal UI \'96 no distractions.\
    \'95    Pushes Library: Interval notifications. Supportive/provocation mix: \'93Stay hard!\'94 / \'93Quit whining, push!\'94 Library of 20+ phrases. Random, timed pops.\
3. User Flow\
    1    Create/load plan.\
    2    Set total time/mode.\
    3    Start: Timer rolls, first card loads.\
    4    Grind: Do exercise, timer advances automatically.\
    5    Intervals: Pushes fire \'96 motivate or mock.\
    6    End: Timer out. Summary: Completed vs. planned.\
4. UX/UI\
    \'95    Bold, large fonts. High-contrast red/white/black.\
    \'95    Voice start optional.\
    \'95    Accessibility: Screen reader friendly.\
    \'95    No audio cues (MVP).\
5. Tech\
    \'95    Frontend: React Native.\
    \'95    Backend: Firebase (plans storage).\
    \'95    Offline: Local storage for plans.\
7. Additional Features\
    \'95    Save & History: Auto-save plans/exercises. Log completed workouts (date, weights, reps). View history for tracking.\
    \'95    Level-Up Recs: Analyze history. Push notifications: \'93Stuck at same weight for 3 weeks? Level up, slacker!\'94 Auto-suggest +10-20% weight increase for stagnant exercises.}